fast_pair: Align declared Tx power (#16239)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Bluetooth Fast Pair samples
---------------------------

* Updated:

>   * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` Kconfig option value in all configurations and the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` Kconfig option value in configurations with the Find My Device Network (FMDN) extension support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The values for the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_ADV_PROV_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` Kconfig option in all configurations, and for the :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_BT_FAST_PAIR_FMDN_TX_POWER_CORRECTION_VAL` Kconfig option in configurations with the Find My Device Network (FMDN) extension support.
```
